and after I heard the dog barking she
was barking facing south and frantic
running around in circles just bit
unusual so I brought her in and came in
here shut the door turn off the light
and open the window and what I heard was
very loud crackling and crashing from
that direction which is more Southwest
because coming up the hill on that
direction from about sixty to eighty
meters away probably through to very
close maybe five to ten meters away and
then I actually heard well utterances
and the voice was just definitely not
human which point my heart began to
pound but what I heard was at least four
or five mono syllables they were
consonant vowel mono syllables and the
one I remember best is so shy like that
almost Japanese like walk well just joy
and there were others in that same
pattern and also a couple of other very
throaty noises and one was bit like
clearing the throat but not quite and
the other one was a bit like a raspberry
deep in the throat sort of oscillating
sort of a sound and I got the impression
that there were two of them but they
could have been more I suppose
what else can I remember this wasn't the
first experience they wasn't no two
three years ago I woke up at about 3:00
3:30 and there was this almighty below
or bawling it was a sort of sustained
pitch
very loud and I located I was pretty
sure it was down the creek a bit and
just judging from the echoes and the
distance that's what I thought it must
be and it went on for almost three
seconds I think and then followed maybe
a second after by a huge crash as if a
huge rock had been dropped on lock and
and so the next day my son and I went
down to where we thought it was the
waterfall just beyond the baths the old
baths and there's a Ledge partway down
the waterfall so lo and behold there was
a very large rock on the ledge so my son
climbed down I suggested he looked
underneath to see whether there were
signs of having been recently dropped
and they were it was some young bright
yellow sandstone crumbly rock underneath
so that is two or three years ago but
this one was the most amazing one
because the voice was very much not
human and yet I swear those are words
four or five words and grants and very
deep is it feels like and big very
resonant as if there's a large chest
chest cavity get that vibration yep and
sort of very was the word a lot of air
coming out how do you say that well
anyway and then reading yes when when
they were talking in you know how you
can say something like the Irish will
say certain consonants and a lot of air
comes out at the same time well that's
how it sounded but not like Irish of
course just very very deep very short
mono syllables and they were all
different
and then the light camera wasn't there's
a sentence well then my husband came in
and alight from the bathroom Sean in and
I think that I would have been
silhouetted and John has said it word or
two so after that it was much quieter I
heard about three noises after that but
I'm very much quieter as if they had
spotted us he or they he or she he'll
they and and there were a few little
grunts and a few crackles as if someone
was walking on the dead branches or
something like that so then we put the
light on on the balcony which faces that
direction and that was no good because
it just lit up the tea trees just behind
the fence so we turned that off and we
got a spotlight it's a torch really but
it's a sort of a has its pot capability
somewhat and we saw two sets of eyes we
think it's either one set of eyes that
moved about a metre away or go to sets
and they were sort of very iridescent
bright greenish blue and the eyes were
actually looking at you're looking at
the direction straight into the actual
light yes straight into the torchlight
yeah now you see the missing plank there
yep well next one to it if we call it
number one for planks to the right if
you draw a line from here to there to
the country particularly the second
distance we are the dumpee that's about
ten meters away that yep if you drew a
line then the eyes were behind the tea
trees but in front of the gum tree and
possibly were beside that bright green
bush you're not the brain bush that's
directly behind the fence but the one
yep the one behind at yonder Deadwood
which would be I suppose about nine feet
tall I guess
so they could have been beside that or
just a bit in front of that and slightly
to the left of it
hmm and this morning when I went down
there I realized just how many trees
branches you sticks have been crushed
down there